## I am sitting there staring at the blank editor. Where to start?

I know the rules of the puzzle, I think I know the game flow I would like my players to experience, but still where to start? This could all be accomplished myriad ways, with a ton of different designs. What will be best?

Instead of diving into code, I decided to start with planning. I wrote player stories, broke those out into game stories, ended up breaking some of those out into timer stories because it was easy, quick, and natural. In doing this, I can see that the game is going to have dependencies that will need to be broken out into more detail too. By phrasing it as "This object will _ ", the simple language begins to make the object's job very clear and it becomes very clear when I'm trying to make the object do something it shouldn't, because the language sounds awkward.

This is my first pass, at a high level, before I have written any code at all in thinking about Single Responsibility. Sandi Metz says:

> Reusable classes are pluggable units of well-defined behavior that have few entanglements. An application that is easy to change is like a box of building blocks; you can select just the pieces you need and assemble them in unanticipated ways. A class that has more than one responsibility is difficult to reuse."
She also says that an easy way to check this about your class is to "...pretend that it's sentient and to interrogate it. If you rephrase every one of its methods as a question, asking the question ought to make sense."

I'm trying to do that in my planning and in my specs, before I even lay a line of code down.

## Laying down some specs but...those aren't really the starting line either...

As I proceed, I am finding that the question STILL is, "where to start"? I could start with the discs that go on the towers, I could start with the game loop, or I could do as I am and start with the towers. The problem with starting with the towers is that they actually have a dependency on Disc in some places, as in, a tower knowing whether or not it is empty. I'm thinking a Tower will need the Disc to give it the message "Hey I am here now!" when the Disc is placed on it. 

So. Hm. 

I tried writing the simplest spec I could for Tower, which I thought was testing a tower's emptiness, but hey there's that disc dependency when it's a non-empty tower. 

## Round, ah, 3 now?

So I tried to spec a Tower's non-emptiness, emptiness, and now I'm tring a different approach: starting with a Tower's position. 

Trying this made me ask myself: "What determines the position then? It should probably be set on initialize, but if that's true, then what is instantiating the Tower? My best answer right now would be the game loop, soooo, maybe, after all these false starts...I should start there. 
